so have to play and not print me
disassemble but now I will lead as well
you need to fill up the printer call
let's see what happened there
so you understand and for a long time you are not 5
so well you can replace the canister
fill up the cartridge but i invented today
new way to refill printers
so I will have the whole principle
I entirely take the cake canister hope
you don't mind that we take pinter
but fill i call pole
so the first stage of refilling the printer
successful printer we refueled
selective lead bullets now need
put here 4 cartridges with grapeshot and
the printer will be completely refilled
let's see what we did
by the way refill printer new
in a revolutionary way
strangers on doing i lived up to not good
I think it turned out
I'll tell you